I carry a question and that the whole
Politics discussion
I sometimes ask myself in between
the population becomes systematic
education or believe the government
even what they are telling
I do not know sometimes it's a very
good question Mr. dombrowski so the
philosopher hannah arendt
i employ my work but
in between always boring hannah
Arendt distinguishes between the liar
and the lost one is the difference
The liar knows that he is lying
Lost ones always because he has his
corpse for the truth she has
So with your question, the choice between
lychen and lost so bad
other yes needle eye since I already
better alternative
hannah arendts 8 in lychener has the
truth your last refuge found
and when did not lost no lie
the truth is already lost
gone because yes, he does not know that
it would be better if it lies
others like money back for themselves
only in lychener remains the truth
receive
but you have to do that if you can
Concrete could not be complete
Also fit in the example of
Peter Altmaier recommends the citizens
Loan in the energy turn so
virtually democratic participation with
return that the power line through
this citizens borrowed the garden
but is a high-risk papers in the blood
and I'm not sure one too
could recommend the savings bank of the
clientele without the consultant one
jail lands so white the altmaier or
with is now a liar or a
lost equal tricky
now clear altmaier so at altmaier
sometimes I have that student even knows
not really talking about where allowed
but I would say in that case
I say in the case of Altmaier is neither
still struggling mendacious
that can not be the case is at
hannah arendt not intended at all
but not easy
angela merkel is she a liar or
she is a lying also as a moment
So after the hannah, the arendt
Lost is convinced of analysis but
if she has no conviction then
they can not get lost either
his
after anna she can not
be a liar because to arabia yes the
lychener the truth knows where from
they know that you can do that
truth no longer because they are not
wants to know
the truth is the people and
that's what makes you fat that's it but that
now once respectful because of these rate
the truth is it the people
notice that a nice set of one
work no the fact is accidental of
manufactured